Updated the platform channels documentation for background isolate channels (#7592)
flutter/website: src/development/platform-integration/platform-channels.md

## Channels and platform threading

> When invoking channels on the platform side destined for Flutter, invoke them on
> the platform's main thread. When invoking channels in Flutter destined for the
> platform side, they can be invoked from any `Isolate` that is the root
> `Isolate`, or is registered as a background `Isolate`. The platform side's
> handlers can execute on the platform's main thread or they can execute on a
> background thread if using a Task Queue. You can invoke the platform side
> handlers asynchronously and on any thread when the Task Queue API is available;

Reviewer: Are TaskQueues only on Android?

```suggestion
When invoking channels on the platform side destined for Flutter,
invoke them on the platform's main thread.
When invoking channels in Flutter destined for the platform side,
either invoke them from any `Isolate` that is the root
`Isolate`, _or_ that is registered as a background `Isolate`.
The handlers for the platform side can execute on the platform's main thread
or they can execute on a background thread if using a Task Queue.
You can invoke the platform side handlers asynchronously
and on any thread when the Task Queue API is available;
```

Author: TaskQueues are only on iOS and Android.
